welcome to your mom's house
well not only did you get sticks on deck
yeah you also got for after a long
hiatus new Persian voice Minh yeah
that's neat right the same lady same
lady and that's weird cuz it's been
going on for months and months and I
have a theory on this I understand yeah
okay this lady like people that are not
from the millennial generation yeah that
are from the generation even before us
she perhaps is dialing from memory so
she is dialing not doing a saves number
I'll call my friends done and dials and
it's like a digit off every time or okay
that's one excellent theory Brown lock
or she's got like maybe that the old
number saved in her phone and there's
two numbers for one person you ever have
that a new one in an old one
there could be yep that's another option
yeah the reason that I thought that she
was dying from memory is that there are
there's clearly there's probably some
interaction in between these things
because she doesn't go like you never
called me back
which means that they probably speak at
some point and maybe she's dialing
correctly sometimes incorrectly
incorrect the other times look if she
clearly hasn't figured out that this
number doesn't get a response right so
you're right the interaction kind of
comes and goes
which leads me to believe it could be an
alternate phone number like with my dad
I have his old number and is new yeah
yeah but then you so here's what came in
this weekend first call me please not
gonna do it Airbnb here to the Chancery
Jam you know you share me around it
doesn't work on you thank you so much
much thank you so much about me and I
don't know more about that beer it
that's what really yeah Matt okay talk
to you somebody so like so she throws
English you know thank you but I can't
call me please not gonna do it Airbnb
here to the Chancery damn you know show
me around I think those are my eight
dozen book on you thank you so much much
and I don't know what that is okay so
talk to today and then you think that's
it and then she calls you again
again come on Raj why didn't you take
the notice for the tonality hello come
back please
Rob so wait it's Salome I thought it's
Ulla me and now this person's robbed
this woman's just dialing dialing I'm
leaving messages for everybody no
discretion no discretion no discretion
to her dialing yeah dialing together
lady yeah anyway I'm still getting those
nice voice mails yeah come on come on
back please I still get nursing gigs for
Shahnaz knives this is a brand calling
from them and I wish the Naz would know
you know because she's not is missing
out on all kinds of business
opportunities babe what are you doing
babe no I don't want it he doesn't vomit
but I don't like the dragging that's
what I'm like working I don't like it
okay okay I'm closing it good you're
just torturing me it's fine I torture
you
you're my wife